gh-115942: Add `locked` to several multiprocessing locks (#115944)
python/cpython: Doc/library/multiprocessing.rst

      when invoked on an unlocked lock, a :exc:`ValueError` is raised.

   .. method:: locked()

>       Returns a boolean whether this object is locked right now or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Return a boolean indicating whether this object is locked right now or not.
```

>       Return a boolean indicating whether this object is locked right now or not.

Reviewer 2: "or not" is redundant, "boolen" and "whether" already tells us it's one or the other:
```suggestion
      Return a boolean indicating whether this object is locked right now.
```

      differs from the implemented behavior in :meth:`threading.RLock.release`.

   .. method:: locked()

>       Returns a boolean whether this object is locked right now or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Return a boolean indicating whether this object is locked right now or not.
```

>       Return a boolean indicating whether this object is locked right now or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return a boolean indicating whether this object is locked right now.
```
